I'm a huge young and restless finger and
soap opera so I entered a contest and
they had this advertisement that they
were having a dream
enter this contest and then I would
signature Jim Jim grant so much thank
you
maybe take care of the luggage says
congratulations on your fantasy young
and rest young restless when and we are
excited to celebrate such a wonderful
time with you both we wish you many
years of happiness thank you for staying
with us here at the signature toes
facing the bride all the time so when
she enters your standing towards her
okay so go ahead and join her the
minister will be standing right here and
he'll stop you is you great as you get a
little bit closer you know we want
everything we want the hair the makeup
the accommodations for for who staying
at the signature just tickets to the old
show dinner at the rest of the five star
restaurant right spending money it this
is unbelievable I need to prove last
night's Twitter photo
do you watch let me tell you I'm a huge
fan me too
yes that's what I want single man for
another 50 minutes
everything that they brought in to that
they have in their life they've brought
under ceremony and I think that's what
made me so emotional this is the true
I mean you're invited to very Indian
spot in Memphis and it's a blessing to
get away
may I ask who gives blessings to this
wedding and nothing in this world is
greater than knowing you're standing
right next to the one who's gonna make
your dreams come true yes and not just
yours but the children too
I now pronounce you husband and wife
okay kids turn around turn around you
are the family of mr. and mrs. Willie
and Charlene along with Willie Robert
Latifah and Ryan they're all called the
Williams and there's really no words to
describe all of us this is nothing I
could have dreamed it was a good time
it's truly a dream wedding truly